Summary of what I did to complete the test:
1. Used Resharper to improve code readabilty and fix syntax issues.
2. Simplified class structure. Moved similar logic from derived classes to base classes.
3. Added simple cache systems for textures and fonts to avoid loading them every frame.
4. Made Vector2 a template class for it to support different numeric types.
5. Changed input capture method to use SDL keyboard events instead of key states.
6. Fixed avatar movement logic and made it feel more close to the original game.
7. Used templates to remove copy-pasted code for initialization, drawing, collision and gameplay checks in World.cpp.
8. Moved pathfinding algorithm to separate class.
9. Added Timeline class to manage avatar animation.
10. Added Timer class to manage timed events like power-up duration and AI updates.
11. Made AI pathfinding checks less frequent using Timer.
12. Fixed game-breaking bugs in pathfinding algorithm.
13. Added several AI behavior patterns for normal, vulnerable and dead states.
14. Added Defines.h to hold constant variables and macros and moved most of constants there to eliminate "magic numbers" from code.
15. Added Config class to read game settings from external file and store them. Used macros to speed up adding new settings.
16. Implemented simple asserts to prevent and debug crashes on null pointers.
17. Implemented destructors in classes to clean-up fields and containers with pointer types.
18. Added Gate objects which teleport avatar to one another.
19. Removed classes derived from StaticGameEntity and put data about game entities inside PathmapTile to minimize iterations during gameplay checks.
20. Added more ghosts of different types.
21. Improved text output methods and text rendering.
22. Fixed Release build configuration.
23. Implemented correct game reset mechanic with delay and movable objects re-creation.
24. Implemented BinarySearch template method for faster search of tiles by coordinates.
25. Played the game for a few sessions, fixed some bugs, had fun.

Things I planned but couldn't do before deadline:
- Fix possible memory leaks.
- Implement collision detection for ghosts.
- Improve pathfinding algorithm (use weighted AStar).
- Add cherry - there's no graphics for cherry :(